Anonymous once said, "If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. "

John Wooden once said, "Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. "
Anonymous once said, "To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. "
Jim Rohn once said, "If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. "

Anonymous once said, "Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. "
Swami Vivekananda once said, "Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. "

Walt Disney once said, "All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. "
Anonymous once said, "Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. "
Anonymous once said, "If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. "



Winston Churchill once said, "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. "
Proverb once said, "Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. "

Anonymous once said, "Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. "
Vaibhav Shah once said, "Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. "

Chris Grosser once said, "Opportunities don't happen, you create them. "
Albert Einstein once said, "Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. "

Eleanor Roosevelt once said, "Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. "

Thomas A. Edison once said, "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. "
Kim Garst once said, "If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it. "



David Brinkley once said, "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. "
Eleanor Roosevelt once said, "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. "
Henry Ford once said, "The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. "
Winston Churchill once said, "If you're going through hell keep going. "
Anonymous once said, "The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. "

Anonymous once said, "Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. "

Oscar Wilde once said, "What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise."
Anonymous once said, "The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. "

Bruce Feirstein once said, "The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. "
Lolly Daskal once said, "When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. "
John D. Rockefeller once said, "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. "


Anonymous once said, "No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist."

Nathaniel Hawthorne once said, "Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. "
Albert Einstein once said, "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. "
